# https-setupamppedwireless.com-
Skip to content Setup.ampedwireless.com Amped Wireless Setup | amped Wireless  amped wireless setup setup ampedwireless com Why is setup.ampedwireless.com not working? There may be several aspects because of which a user is unable to access the setup.ampedwireless.com interface of the router. A user loses his control and management from the router if he fails to access the web interface of the Amped router. For quick help, you can also check the manual guide that comes with the router or can also search for the Online manual guide over the Internet.  Follow the below steps to troubleshoot the issue  If there is a wired connection between the router and your computer, make sure the physical connection is correct. Make sure the switch is turned on with which you have connected the Power cable of the wireless router. If you are typing the LAN IP address of the router in the address bar, make sure you are typing correctly. The default LAN IP address of the Amped router is 192.168.0.254. Ensure that the computer is not connected to any other wireless network at the same time. If there is a wireless connection between the devices, make sure the computer is within the wireless range of the router. Close the current browser and launch it again. Delete the history and cache memory of a browser using the settings tab. Try again to access the setup.ampedwireless.com interface. Use Google Chrome, internet explorer, and Mozilla. Any other browser may be the reason you get denied from accessing the setup.ampedwireless.com window. If the Setup Wizard directly appears, instead of the web menu Dashboard, it may be the reason that the router has not been configured yet. Reset the router by holding the reset button for around 10 to 20 seconds. It will revert the default settings into the router.  When the reset process is done, complete the setup wizard or skip it to access the Dashboard. Note: If all the above troubleshooting steps fail to resolve the setup.ampedwireless.com issue, you can call the Support team of the Amped to resolve the issue. We are available for our users 24 hours a clock to resolve any kind of issue a user is facing.  How to login into the Amped Wireless range extender? Amped Wireless range extender can interact through the web interface of the setup.ampedwireless.com interface. To interact with the web menu Dashboard, you need to go through the login window of the Amped range extender. You cannot perform the login process if you don’t know the correct login credentials of the Amped extender login window. The default username of the Amped extender is “admin” and the default password is “admin”.  amped router login Steps to log into the Amped wireless range extender  Open a browser on the computer connected to the extender’s network. Type ampedsetupwireless.com in the address bar and hit enter If you fail to enter, type the LAN IP address of the range extender in the address bar. The LAN IP address of the Amped range extender is 192.168.0.254. The default Amped range extender login window appears on the screen. Type “admin” in the username field as the default credentials and type the password you typed earlier during the login process. If you haven’t changed the default password type “admin” in the provided field. Both the username and password are case-sensitive. Note: You need to hold the shift key before typing an uppercase letter and release the key before typing a lowercase letter. Click Login and the web menu Dashboard of the Amped range extender appears. Now you can change the settings and features of the Amped range extender. Note: While performing the login process, make sure you are typing the correct login credentials, otherwise you will be denied from accessing the web interface of the Amped range extender.   How to setup an Amped wireless range extender via setup.ampedwireless.com? Optimum placement of a range extender is vital to fetch robust Wi-fi speed from the main network. The location plays an important role in determining the performance level of the range extender. You can also take the help of a Quick setup guide that comes with the range extender to perform correct steps during the setup process.   Note: Connect your computer to the extender via Ethernet cable to avoid sudden disconnection during the setup process.  Follow the below steps to set up the Amped rec 10 range extender  Unbox the range extender and take out the quick setup guide, warranty card, and a power cable. Adjust the antennas of the Amped wireless range extender. Connect the range extender to an available electric outlet near the main router. Note down the default Wireless settings from the back of your range extender Use the default Wireless settings to connect wirelessly to the computer, Go to the computer, open the Wi-fi settings and search for the available Wi-fi networks. Connect to the default network name of the range extender. Once you get connected to the range extender’s network, launch a browser. Type setup.ampedwireless.com on the address bar of the browser and hit enter. You can also type 192.168.0.254 as the URL of the browser. The setup.ampedwireless.com configuration page appears on the screen. Select the “Wireless range extender” option and click Next to proceed. Click Scan to find Wi-fi networks nearby to extend. The Wi-fi devices available near the Wi-fi appear on the screen. Select the Wi-fi network you want to extend. Type the Wi-fi password in the provided field to connect to it. Click Next. Follow the above step twice, if you are connecting the range extender to a dual-band router. Now, follow the onscreen instructions to proceed with further steps. Personalize the Wi-fi settings of the extended network. Users are recommended to change the default wireless settings. Assign a new network name and Wi-fi password to the extended network. A new network name must be unique to allow users to connect to the extender’s network. If you want to create a hidden network select the “Hide SSID” option. To connect to a hidden network, a user has enter the network name in the Wi-fi list manually Once done, click Next. Now you can review the configuration settings you made  Note down the wireless and other administrative settings you made for future use. Click Finish when it’s done. The extender starts the reboot process to apply the settings you made. Wait for a couple of minutes until the reboot process is complete. Note: Once the setup process is done, you can relocate the range extender to the desired location. Place the range extender midway between the router and your computer for better results. You can take the help of the Wi-fi LED of the range extender to find a good spot to place the range extender. If the LED blinks blue the range extender is at a good spot and if the LED blinks red, it means you need to bring the range extender close to the router.   How to update the firmware of the Amped wireless range extender?  The firmware plays an important role in removing the bugs of the range extender and escalating the performance of your device. New firmware is stored in the flash memory of the device. New firmware is responsible for removing bugs and adding new features to the range extender. It improves the mechanism of administrative settings and refines the networking protocols.  Steps to update the firmware of the Amped wireless range extender  Visit the downloading center of the Amped extender i.e www.ampedwireless.com /support. Type in the model version and product name in the provided fields. Click Download when prompted. Remember the location where you saved the downloaded firmware file. Do not forget to extract the firmware file. It will give you convenience while uploading the file into the ampedsetupwireless.com interface. Open a browser on the computer connected to the extender’s network. Type ampedsetupwireless.com in the address bar and hit enter If you fail to enter, type 192.168.0.254.in in the address bar. The default Amped range extender login window appears on the screen. Type “admin” in the username field as the default credentials and type the password you typed earlier during the login process. If you haven’t changed the default password type “admin” as the default credentials Both the username and password are case-sensitive. Note: You need to hold the shift key before typing an uppercase letter and release the key before typing a lowercase letter. Click Login and the web menu Dashboard of the Amped range extender appears. From the main navigation panel, click on the Management tab then click on the Firmware Upgrade tab. Scroll down the firmware upgrade page. Click “Choose file” and navigate the cursor to locate the file. Select the file then click Upload when prompted to begin the upgrade process. Wait for a few minutes to let the process complete.  Do not interrupt the installation process, it may lead to failure in the update process. When the process gets completed, the Amped range extender automatically reboots. Note: You can check the confirmation of the update process through the status tab of the ampedsetupwireless.com window. Make sure you have already read the release notes of the firmware to know the settings that will get erased during the update process.  How to Connect to the Amped Range extender?  The connection process is one of the important processes through which a user connects the amped range extender to the router. You can connect the Amped range extender to the router via a wired connection and the wireless connection. The wired connection is done through the Ethernet cable and the wireless connection is done via the WPS connection method.   Here are the things you need to keep in mind before the connection process.  Place the range extender about halfway midway through the router and the Wi-fi dead zone. Fix the range extender in a ventilating or a mounting area to receive the clear Wi-fi signals. Keep the extender away from electronic or radioactive appliances. Make sure there are no walls or metallic objects between the router and the range extender. Steps to connect to the Amped range extender  Plugin the range extender directly to a power outlet near the main router Wait until the Power LED turns solid green. Now press the WPS button on your router. Go to the range extender, press, and hold the WPS button for around 3 seconds. Wait for a couple of seconds to establish the connection between the router and the range extender When the LED changes from the blinking to the stable, it means the connection got established. If you have a dual-band router, repeat the above step to connect to the 5GHz frequency band. When the connection gets established, relocate the extender to a suitable location. Check the signal LED, if the signals are strong the LED blinks white. If the signals are weak, the LED blinks red which means you need to bring the router closer to the range extender. Now go to the computer and search for the available Wi-fi networks. Use the default Wireless settings given on the back of the range extender to connect to the computer. The default Wireless name will end with the _EXT. For example Amped_EXT. Type default network key in the provided field and click Connect. When it gets connected to the extended network, launch a browser. Type setup.ampedwireless.com in the address browser and hit enter. You can also type 192.168.0.254 as the URL of the browser. The setup.ampedwireless.com configuration page appears on the screen. Now you can proceed to begin the setup process. Note: New users recommended connecting the range extender to the router through a wired connection. You can use the Ethernet cable of the router to create a wired connection between the devices. If you face any obstruction during the setup process, you can call our executives anytime to resolve the issue you are facing.  Archives November 2021 Categories Uncategorized Copyright © All right reserved Created By: Fansee Themes  Amped Wireless Setup
